=head1 NAME

tdu - display disk space utilization in a folding outline

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    du | tdu [options ...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

tdu(1) is a program that displays disk space utilization as reported by du(1)
in an interactive full-screen folding outline.  tdu(1) displays the space
taken by each directory, including all its descendents.  The user can navigate
the tree structure and open (or close) directories in order to display (or
hide) the utilization of subdirectories (and files, if du -a is used) within
each directory.  The entries can be sorted by filename or space utilizied, or
reverted back to their original sorting order.

=head1 KEYS

=head2 Navigation

=over 4

=item UP, DOWN, PAGEUP, PAGEDOWN

Move the cursor up or down by one line or page.

=item HOME or <, END or >

Move the cursor to the first or last item.

=item p

Move the cursor to the current item's parent directory.

=back

=head2 Expanding and Collapsing

=over 4

=item LEFT or 0, RIGHT

Collapse, expand this node's children.

=item 1 to 9

Expand 1 to 9 levels deep.

=item *

Expand all levels deep.

=back

=head2 Sorting

=over 4

=item s, S

Sort current item's children in ascending, descending order by size.

=item n, N

Sort current item's children in ascending, descending order by name.

=item d, D

Sort current item's children in ascending, descending order by number of
descendent nodes (excluding itself).

=item u, U

Revert current item's children to original order (or its reverse).

=item =

Press before one of the sorting keys to apply the sort recursively.

=back

=head2 Miscellaneous

=over 4

=item #

Hide/show the number of descendents of each node.

=item a, A

Toggle the use of ASCII line-drawing characters.

=item q, x, ESC

Quit the program.

=item ?

Display online help.

=item c or C

Display copyright and licensing information.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item -h, --help

Display a brief help message.

=item -A, --ascii-tree

Display tree branches using ASCII characters instead of actual line-drawing
characters.

=item -V, --show-version

Display a message listing the program's version and license terms.

=back

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

The functionality from previous versions of tdu that classifies filenames into
groups (the -G and -I options) has been moved into a separate program,
dugroup(1).

=head1 SEE ALSO

du(1), xdu(1), dugroup(1).

=head1 AUTHOR

Darren Stuart Embry <dse@webonastick.com>.

=cut

#Local Variables:
#indent-tabs-mode: nil
#End:

